[PropertyInfo] Gather data from property hooks in ReflectionExtractor (#59246)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Component/PropertyAccess/CHANGELOG.md

CHANGELOG
=========

> 7.3

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7.4
```

---

>  * Allow to customize behavior for property hooks on read and write

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Add `PropertyAccessor::BYPASS_PROPERTY_HOOK_*` constants to customize behavior for property hooks
```

>   * Allow to customize behavior for property hooks on read and write

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
 * Allow to customize behavior for property hooks on read and write
```

Author: Thx good catch
